WB ex2A
People in the book business are always saying(repeated action,correct) how difficult it is
to think of a great title. There are so many books published these days that it's probably getting(situation in proccess of change, correct)
harder and harder. Recently, I *was walking*(action in progress, when another thing happened) through the
aisles of a bookshop - I ??was hoping/hoped??(action in progress at particular time) to find something for my grandmother's birthday - when I *noticed* some very odd titles, some so clever that I had no idea what the book was about. If you've been working(action that we see happing over period of time, correct) on your masterpiece for years, it seems such a shame that the book might get lost because of a poor title. Publishers are always telling(repeated action, correct) would-be authors to keep the title short and descriptive,
but I think there's more to it. The title is the first thing the reader *sees*(common simple, no continious action) and it has to be catchy. Jane Austen called one of her books 'First Impressions'. I wonder if it would have been as famous if she *hadn't changed*(third conditional) the title to Pride and Prejudice. William Golding wrote a novel called 'Strangers from Within'. That's OK, but I *prefer*(state verb) what it later became - Lordifthe Flies. Famously, Paul McCartney had been working(action in progress, when another thing happened) on a melody when he decided to give it the working title 'Scrambled Eggs'. Fortunately, The Beatles changed it. Yesterday is now a classic. Anyway, I *am thinking*(plans) of writing a book called 'How to Name your Book'. It's something *I've been planning*(action that we see happening over a period of time) for at least ten minutes and I'm expecting it to make me millions.

WB ex3
1 When she saw Jan, she knew immediately that he had cried.
2 Dad, I was wondering(polite request) if I could borrow your car this weekend.
3 We'd already eaten all our food and we still had two more days of travel.
4 Because of the poor economy, it is getting(situation in process of change) more difficult to find work.
S Are you free tomorrow? I was hoping(plans) you might help me with my tax forms.
6 I've owned six houses in my lifetime, but this is by far the best.
7 This room is filthy! What have you been doing(actions that we see happining over a period of time) all morning?
8 At the first signs of trouble, animals always move to higher ground.
9 The boss always is always telling(repeated action) us to work hard, but she does nothing.
10 You should ask Don. He may knows some good restaurants.
11 Helga and I are thinking(plans) of moving to Spain. What do you reckon?
12 Look at this car. We've been trying(action that we see happening over a period of time) to fix it for weeks!

VOCABULARY ex1
1 My company was asking people to train
overseas. It sounded exciting, so I put my name forward.
2 My parents have both been so successful.
It’s going to be hard to live up to my name.
3 My parents both love classical music, so they named me after their favourite composer.
4 Some people are a bit embarrassed of their middle name.
5 That actor’s always on TV. He’ll be a household name  soon.
6 He tried very hard to clear his name after those false accusations.
7 I worked hard for years and made a name for myself as a chef.
8 I’ve been asked to work on an exciting project at work. Apparently, the CEO asked for me by name.
9 Philippa and Chris are married in name only. They haven’t lived together for years.