	Majority of people has a point of view that social networks like Facebook, Instagram have a terrible impact on
individuals and society in general.  In some kind that's a true statement, because many people start living in those sites,
spending the majority of the time. However, we should not forget that social networks help us to communicate, find new people,
to develop marketing, and gives easy access to education.
	I agree that people sometimes waste too much time surfing photos, arguing in useless discussions, stalking the
people and do so much unnecessary things. Sometimes, social networks can be dangerous in a real way, especially for
people who post too much information about themselves: where they live, spend time, study and also provides visual
information by photos and videos. I've heard about accidents of kidnapping people using data from social networks.
That can be a danger and being aware is the best weapon in avoiding such situations.
	Despite all the cons, there are some good things about social networks. They are in general hard systems technically,
and all stimulate progress in computer science, especially in building data warehouses, graph databases and content
delivery systems. If we put technical things aside, networks help people to communicate, and sometimes they even support
to create families. If you ask your friends, one hundred percent that they will tell you such stories about people who met
on Facebook. Also, there are many announcements of exciting events in your area, advertisement of products by stores.
If you want to study something, you're welcome: find a suitable group and start learning.
	To conclude, I agree with the dangerous impact of social networks and being smart and cautious is not a bad idea.
But on the other hand, without them our lives would be more difficult and more annoying, progress wouldn't be so fast,
and education wouldn't be so easy to find. As in every aspect of our lives, there are pros and cons, and every final
decision depends on us. Don't afraid of progress and don't be careless.