wb p.7 ex.5
A: Who told you about Ali and Pietro getting married? It
was supposed to be a secret.
B: Sorry, Anne told me. She can be a bit of a
busy body
2 A: I'm so glad Pilar is coming tonight. She'll get everyone
going.
B: Yes,she tends to be the life and soul of the
party.
3 A: All my family are academics, but I left school when I
was fifteen.
B: Yeah, you've always been the black sheep of the
family
4 A: She hasn't stopped talking for the last two and a half hours!
B: I know. She's a terrible chatterbox.
5 A: I'm not sure how the team will respond to these new
ideas.
B: Do you think they're a bit set in their ways
6 A: You didn't tell me that Andreas was in a rock band!
B: I didn't know. He's quite a dark horse,you know.
7 A: I can't work out how this computer program works.
B: Why don't you ask Dan? He's a whizkid when it comes to computers.
8 A: He's one of our customers, but he seems to enjoy
complaining.
B: Are you saying he's a pain in the neck.

vocab extra p.1 ex.4
1 That customer’s complaining about everything. She’s a pain in the neck.
2 Alexi’s a dark horse. Who knew he could cook that well?
3 Mike isn’t looking for a yes-man. He wants someone who’ll o er some constructive criticism.
4 I’m quite shy but my sister’s always the life and soul of the party.
5 Habib’s an old hand at this job. He’s been here for years.
6 My brother Matt’s the black sheep of the family. We’re all doctors and he’s an actor.
7 I can’t get my dad to do anything new. He’s really set in his ways.

vocab extra p.1 ex.5

1. You never know what Danny’s going to say next.
He’s a real loose canon!
2 All he does is sit and watch TV. He’s such an
couch potato.
3 Simone got promoted and now he’s walking around
like he’s the big cheese.
4 Anna broke her wrist, but continued to play the whole
match. She’s a real tough cookie!
5 Do we have to invite Mark to the party? You know he’s
such a wet blanket.
6 It only takes one rotten apple in the company to
spoil it for everyone.


Unit 45
45.1
1 It is expected that the strike will end soon.
The strike is expected to end soon
2 It is expected that the weather will be good tomorrow
The weather is expected to be good tomorrow.
3 It is believed that the thieves got in through a window in the roof
The thieves are believed to have got in through a window in the roof
4 It is reported that many people are homeless after the floods
Many people is reported to be homeless after the floods
5 It is thought that the prisoner escaped by climbing over a wall
The prisoner is thought to have escaped by climbing over a wall
6 It is alleged that the man was driving at 110 miles an hour
The man is alleged to have been driving at 110 miles an hour
7 It is reported that the building has been badly damaged by the fire
The building is reported to had been badly damaged by the fire.
8
a It is said that the company is losing a lot of money
The company is said to be losing a lot of money
b It is believed that the company lost a lot of money last year
The company is believed to have lost a lot of money last year
c It is expected that the company will make a loss this year
The company is expected to make a loss this year.

45.2
2) He is supposed to know a lot of famous people
3) He is supposed to be very rich
3) He is supposed to have twelve children
4) He is supposed to be an actor when was younger

45.3
2) You shouldn't criticise me all the time. You supposed to be my friend
3) I shouldn't be eating this cake really. I supposed to be on a diet
4) I'm sorry for what I said. I was trying to be funny. It supposed to be a joke
5) What's this drawing? Is it a tree? Or maybe it supposed to be a flower
6) You shouldn't be reading the paper now. You supposed to be working

45.4

2) We supposed to start work at 8.15, but we rarely do anything before 8.30
3) Oh, I supposed to phone Helen last night, but I completely forgot
3) Oh, I supposed to phone Helen last night, but I completely forgot
4) This door is a fire exit. You're not supposed to block it.
5) My flight supposed to depart at 11.30, but it was an hour late

Unit 46
46.1
1) (b) Sarah is having her hair cut.
2) (a) Bill is cutting his hair.
3) (a) John is cleaning his shoes.
4) (b) Sue is having her picture taken.

46.2

2) Sarah has her car serviced once a year.
3) It cost twelve pound to have my suit cleaned.
4) The last time I had my eyes tested was two years ago
5) We've had some new cupboards fitted in the kitchen
6) We need to get this document translated as soon as possible.

46.3

2) I didn't cut my hair myself. I had it cut
3) We didn't clean the carpets ourselves. We had them cleaned.
4) John didn't build that wall himself. John had the wall built.
5) I didn't deliver the flowers myself. I had the flowers delivered.

46.4

2) I lost my key. I'll have to have another key made.
3) When was the last time you had your hair cut
4) Do you have a newspaper delivered to your house every day, or do you go out and buy one?
5) A: What's happening in your garden?
   B: We are having a garage built.
6) A: Have you had a washing machine fixed?
   B: Not yet. There's someone coming to look at it next week.
7) If you want to wear earrings, why don't you have your ears pierced?

9) A: Did I tell you about Jane?
   B: She had her credit cards stolen.
10) Security was very strict at the airport.
We all had our bags searched.


