Essay;

    // rephrase
    // Majority of people say that - opinion.
    // Scientists claim // believe // suggest // have an opinion - technology.

    //The people who graduate from

	Many people say that after leaving school or university, young people should choose a job or career that they love,
rather than one that pays the best salary. That's a statement I can't disagree with. First of all, money is not a silver
bullet (against/to) every problem you have. Secondly, be ( being/to be ) a prisoner of a job you don't like is the worst thing ever.( a lot of people agree with me )
	Have you ever noticed that rich people also suffer from apathy, depression and other mental problems?
That's the point that money sometimes can't make you happy. Avoiding those issues is hard work for every one of us,
and choosing the right career, which gives you positive emotional impact, is one of the first steps to your happiness.
The right career will provide targets for you that you will be trying to reach and develop yourself.
	On the other hand, you can care only about money(give to much importance to money) and do routine, tedious work you don't like. After university,

//Not so formal, very personal.
I also chose the wrong job and was suffering for some period, although the salary was excellent. That gives me
nothing except regrets, and sometimes I think that having a time machine would be an excellent option to sort
the things out in my past, but that's a real-life, not a SCI-FI story.
	But also I can understand myself and people who are choosing such jobs. After university, many people don't
know what they want to do, and they sort opportunities according to the salary. And the negative experience is not always bad.
Sometimes it gives you a hard punch, and you start moving fast, than change different jobs and finding the one you love.

	So, as a conclusion, I want to say that ideally, you should choose your occupation during university education
and not run for the money, but if you weren't able to do that this is not the end, try different things.
(write a conclusion)
In the end, you'll find yourself, try and try and try.
//I should write a person ideas (to sum up, to conclude, I believe, in my opinion) // Choose the one of the things.