25

A woman phoned at lunchtime yesterday and asked if she could speak to Paul. I told her that he had gone out and I
didn't know when he would be back. I asked her if she wanted to leave a message, but she said that she would try again
later. But she never did.

I went to London recently, but my visit didn't begin well. I had reserved a hotel room, but when I got to the hotel
they told me that they had no record of a reservation in my name. When I asked if they had any rooms free anyway and they
said that they were sorry, but the hotel was full. There was nothing I could do. I just had to look for somewhere else to
stay.

After getting off the plane, we had to queue for an hour to get through immigration. Finally it was our turn. The immigration
officer asked us why we were visiting the country, and we told him that we were at holiday. Then he wanted to know how long
we intended to stay and where we would be staying during our visit. He seemed satisfied with our answers, checked our passports
and wished us a pleasant stay.

a) What time is Sue arriving this afternoon?
b) About three. She said that she would phone me from the airport when she arrived.

a) Aren't you going to meet her?
b) No, she said not to come to the airport. She said that she will take the bus.

A few days ago a man phoned from a marketing company and started asking me questions.
He wanted to know what my job was and asked me how much I earned.
I don't like people phoning and asking questions like that, so I told him to mind his own business and I put the phone down.

Louise : I wonder where Paul is. He said that he would be at the restaurant at 7.30
Sarah: Maybe he's got Lost.
louise: I don't think so. He said that he knew where restaurant was.
And i told him to phone me if there's any problem.


Joe : Is there anything to eat?
Jane: You just said that you were not hungry
Joe : Well, I am now. I'd Love a banana.
jane: A banana? But you said that you didn't like bananas.
You told me not to buy any.


1. Write these sentences as reported questions using the words given.

a. “What’s your name?”, he asked. (wanted to know)
He wanted to know what my name was.
b. “Do you like Marlon Brandon?”, she asked.
She asked me if I liked Marlon Brandon.
c. “How old are you?”, she said. (asked)
She asked me how old I was.
d. “When does the train leave?”, I asked.
I asked when the train left.
e. “Are you enjoying yourself?”, he asked.
He asked if I was enjoying myself.
f. “How are you?”, he said. (asked)
He asked how I was.
g. “Does your father work here?”, she asked.
She asked if my father worked here.
h. “Do you live near your father?”, he asked.
He asked me if I lived near my father.
i. “Who did you see at the meeting?”, my mother asked.
My mother asked me who I saw at the meeting.
j. “Why did you take my wallet?”, he asked.
He asked me why I took his wallet.
k. “How did you get to school?”, she asked.
She asked me how I got to school.
l. “Are you a foreigner?”, she asked.
She asked if I was a foreigner.
m. “Where do you live?”, the boy asked.
The boy asked me where I lived.
n. “Have you met Danny before?”, he asked.
He asked me if I had met Danny before.
o. “Are you hungry?”, he asked.
He asked me if I was hungry.
p. “Why wasn’t Judy at the party?”, she asked.
She asked why Judy hadn't been at the party.
q. “Why didn’t you telephone?”, my father asked.
My father asked why I hadn't telephoned.
r. “Did you borrow my dictionary?”, he asked.
He asked if I had borrowed my dictionary.
s. “Why are you so late?”, the teacher asked.
The teacher asked me why I was so late.
t. “Have you finished your exams?”, she asked.
She asked if I had finished my exams.
u. “Did you invite Judy and Mitch?”, he asked.
He asked me if I had invited Judy and Mitch.
v. “Does your brother live in London?”, she asked.
She asked if my brother lived in London.
w. “Why didn’t the police report the crime?”, the judge asked.
The judge asked why the police hadn't reported the crime.
x. “Do you know who broke the window?”, he asked.
He asked if I knew who had broken the window.

COMMANDS, REQUESTS AND ADVICE
2. Rewrite these sentences in reported speech.

a. “Make some coffee, Bob”, Carol said.(ask)
Carol ask Bob to make some coffee.
b. “You must do the homework soon, Jane”, she said.(tell)
She told Jane to do the homework soon.
c. “Remember to buy a map, Ann” he said.(remind)
He reminded Ann to buy a map.
d. “You should see a doctor, Mrs Clark”, he said.(advise)
He advised Mrs Clark to see a doctor.
e. “Keep all the windows closed, Bill” they said.(warn)
They warned to keep all the windows closed.
f. “Go home, Paul”, Francis said.(tell)
Francis told Paul to go home.
g. “Please stay for supper, Bob”, he said.(try to persuade)
He tried to persuade Bot to stay for supper.
