WB p8 e.2
1 - e
2 - f
3 - c
4 - b
5 - d
6 - a

WB p8 e.3
1)
I guess it could be some kind of a lizard.
I guess it could be scales.
2)
I'd hazard a guess that these are lifeforms under the microscope.
I'd hazard a guess that it's some kind of a ribbon in the knot.
3)
I wonder if it could be a ribbon
I wonder if it could be scales
4)
I recon these are lifeforms
I recon it's a crocodile
5)
It seems to me that it's a crocodile
It seems to me that it's a rope in the knot
6)
It gives me an impression that these are some kind of lifeforms.
It gives me an impression that it's a crocodile skin bag in the zoom.
7)
It appears to be a crocodile
It appears to be the lifeforms
8)
If I had to make a guess, I'd say that it's a lizard.
If I had to make a guess, I'd say that it's a ribbon.

35.2
1) Engineers hope that they have solved the problems with the bridge now that new supports have been built, and they plan to reopen it next week.
2) The current law states that an employee has the right to appeal against dismissal.
3) Simon is already a good tennis player, but he accepts that he still has a lot to learn.
4) 1 understand that you want to buy a second-hand car. Your brother just told me.
5) Health officials warn that anyone who looks directly at the sun during an eclipse may put their sight at risk.
6) They reassured us that the path is/was perfectly safe.

35.3
When I mentioned to Nokes that he had been seen in a local shop last Monday, he protested that he *was* at home all day.
He swears that he didn’t own a blue Ford Focus. He claimed that he had been to the paint factory two weeks ago to look for work.
Nokes alleges that he is a good friend of Jamie Barnes. He insisted that he didn’t telephone Barnes last Monday morning.
When I pointed out to Nokes that a large quantity of paint had been found in his house, he replied that he *was storing* it for a friend.

At the beginning of the interview I reminded Barnes that he is entitled to have a lawyer present.
He denied that he knew anyone by the name of Daniel Nokes.
Barnes confirmed that he *was* in the area of the paint factory last Monday, but said that he *was visiting* his mother.
He admitted that he *was walking* along New Street at around ten.
He maintains that he *is* a very honest person and would never be involved in anything illegal.



