1) Clara has always been particularly inquisitive. She's always asking questions.
2) I can't believe that he didn't realise how upset you are. How insensitive of him.
3) I know that we can rely on them to get the job finished on time. They are very conscientious.
4) What lovely flowers! How very perceptive of you.
5) I was prone to being rather obstinate as a child. I would regularly refuse to do what I was told.
6) My mother is completely neurotic. She worries about the most ridiculous things.
7)I'm not sure that Kevin is really mature enough to READING make the right decision. He seems very young for his age.
8) You mustn't be over-ambitious and take on impossible tasks. Make sure that your goals are achievable.
9) He's obsessive about cleanliness. Whenever he walks into the room, he'll start cleaning the desks or polishing the bookcases.
10) She's obviously very open-minded. She knew exactly what we were talking about and made a few comments that nobody else would have thought of.
11) He has wonderfully original ideas. He's inspirational to work with.
12) I'm not sure what the problem is, but Tomas seems very apathetic in his work recently. He's just not getting round to doing it.


2
1) Dan just doesn’t seem to care. He’s so apathetic these days.
2)I hope Anne’s insensitive comment didn’t hurt your feelings.
3)Wing Tse’s always setting unrealistic targets for herself. She’s over-ambitious.
4)Liam’s quick to do his homework. He’s very conscientious.
5)When Justine gets an idea, she can never let go of it. She can be pretty obstinate.
6) As a toddler you were inquisitive, always asking questions and wanting to explore.
7) Most teenagers are rebellious at some stage and do things their parents disapprove of.
8) Francesca can always gauge people’s moods. She’s very perceptive like that.

3
1) I’m sure you’ll get on with my friends. They’re pretty easy-going.
2) One day, Ahmed will decide to go travelling and will just leave. He’s always been impetuous.
3) Andy’s unlikely to change his taste in clothes. He’s always been pretty conservative.
4) Please don’t criticise Amira’s cooking. She’s really temperamental and might get angry.
5) We’ll have to be a bit circumspect when raising the issue at the meeting.
6) We should all stop being so selfish and think of others once in a while.
7) What a wonderful birthday present. You’re so kind and considerate.
8) Samir’s always been introverted. He likes to keep to himself.

3)John and I went to a walk. I had difficulty keeping up with him, because he was walking so fast
4) Sue was sitting on the ground. She was out of breath. She had been running.
5) When I arrived everybody was sitting round the table with their mouths full. They were eating.
6) When I arrived everybody was sitting round the table and talking. Their mouths were empty but their stomachs were full.
They had been eating.
7) James was on his hands and knees on the floor. He was looking for his contact lens.
8) When I arrived Kate was waiting for me. She was annoyed because I was late and she had been waiting for a long time.
9) I was sad when I sold my car. I had had it for a very long time.
10) We were extremely tired at the end ofw the journey. We had been travelling for more than 24 hours.

Extra

4.1 Она занималась танцами на протяжении 5 лет, когда ее позвали в профессиональную группу.
She had been dancing for 5 years, when she was asked to join a professional group.
4.2 Она долго плакала прежде, чем ей принесли чай.
She had been crying for a long time before she got tea.
4.3 Наконец-то я закончила читать книгу. Я читала ее очень долгое время.
Finally I finished reading the book. I had been reading it for a long time.
4.4 Когда я вернулась домой, отец все еще красил дверь. Он красил ее все утро.
When I came back home, father was still painting the door. He had been painting it all morning.